readme.md, before:

# 🚀 LeetCode Training & Study Repository

Welcome to my **LeetCode** solutions repository! Here, I store my solutions to various platform problems, organizing my studies and tracking my progress in solving programming challenges.

## 📌 Purpose

This repository aims to:
- Serve as a **learning record** and progress tracker for LeetCode problems.
- Share well-documented and commented solutions for easy future review.
- Explore different approaches and optimizations in problem-solving.
- Help other developers also studying algorithms and data structures.

## 📁 Repository Structure

Problems are organized by categories and difficulty levels:

```
/leetcode-training
├── easy/       # Easy problems
├── medium/     # Intermediate problems
├── hard/       # Hard problems
└── README.md   # Main documentation
```

Each solution includes a brief summary, time/space complexity, and an explanation of the reasoning.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

Currently, solutions are implemented in:
- **Python** 🐍 (main language)
- **C++** (for optimization when necessary)
- **JavaScript** (for practice with web-related problems)

## 📖 How to Use

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/leetcode.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the desired category:
   ```bash
   cd leetcode/medium
   ```
3. Run the solution (example in Python):
   ```bash
   python problem_xyz.py
   ```

## 📌 Current Progress

✅ **Easy:** XX problems solved  
⚡ **Medium:** XX problems solved  
🔥 **Hard:** XX problems solved  

I constantly update this repository with new solutions!

## 🤝 Contributing

If you have suggestions for improvements or want to discuss alternative solutions, feel free to open an **Issue** or a **Pull Request**. Let's learn together! 🚀

## 📩 Contact

If you’d like to discuss problems or share tips, feel free to reach out:
- 📧 Email: your-email@email.com
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/yourusername](https://linkedin.com/in/yourusername)
- 🐙 GitHub: [github.com/your-username](https://github.com/your-username)

---

Let's improve our skills in algorithms and data structures together! 🚀

Commit message:

⚙️refac: changed the dirs distribution, daily quest done and number 4 done.

readme.md, after:

# 🚀 LeetCode Training & Study Repository

Welcome to my **LeetCode** solutions repository! Here, I store my solutions to various platform problems, organizing my studies and tracking my progress in solving programming challenges.

## 📌 Purpose

This repository aims to:
- Serve as a **learning record** and progress tracker for LeetCode problems.
- Help other developers also studying algorithms and data structures.

## 📁 Repository Structure

Problems are organized by categories and difficulty levels:

```
/leetcode-training
├── easy/       # Easy problems
├── medium/     # Intermediate problems
├── hard/       # Hard problems
└── README.md   # Main documentation
```

Each file name is the number of the problem. The solution code includes the question description and the examples.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

Currently, solutions are implemented in:
- **Python** 🐍 (main language)
- **Go** (second language)

## 📖 How to Use

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nicolas-nobre-brasil/leetcode-training.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the desired category:
   ```bash
   cd leetcode-training/medium
   ```
3. Run the solution (example in Python):
   ```bash
   python problem_number.py
   ```

## 📌 Current Progress

✅ **Easy:** 04 problems solved  
⚡ **Medium:** 03 problems solved  
🔥 **Hard:** 00 problems solved  

I constantly update this repository with new solutions!

## 📩 Contact

If you’d like to discuss problems or share tips, feel free to reach out:
- 📧 Email: nicolas-nobre-brasil-profissional@gmail.com
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/nicolas-nobre-brasil](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicolas-nobre-brasil/)

---

Let's improve our skills in algorithms and data structures together! 🚀
